../rokumura/nlp56.txt : ../rtakada/nlp56.txt
3c3
< Many challenges in NLP involve natural language understanding, that is, enabling 「 computers ( computers )」 to derive meaning from human or natural language input, and others involve natural language generation.
---
> Many challenges in NLP involve natural language understanding, that is, enabling 「 computers ( computers )」to derive meaning from human or natural language input, and others involve natural language generation.
5c5
< In 1950, Alan Turing published an article titled `` Computing Machinery and Intelligence '' which proposed what is now called the 「 Alan Turing ( Turing )」 test as a criterion of intelligence.
---
> In 1950, Alan Turing published an article titled `` Computing Machinery and Intelligence '' which proposed what is now called the 「 Alan Turing ( Turing )」test as a criterion of intelligence.
7c7
< The authors claimed that within three or five years, 「 a solved problem ( machine translation )」 would be a solved problem.
---
> The authors claimed that within three or five years, 「 a solved problem ( machine translation )」would be a solved problem.
9c9
< Little further research in 「 a solved problem ( machine translation )」 was conducted until the late 1980s, when the first statistical machine translation systems were developed.
---
> Little further research in 「 a solved problem ( machine translation )」was conducted until the late 1980s, when the first statistical machine translation systems were developed.
12c12
< When the `` patient '' exceeded the very small knowledge base, 「 ELIZA ( ELIZA )」 might provide a generic response, for example, responding to `` 「 the `` patient '' ( My )」 head hurts '' with `` Why do you say 「 you ( 「 My head ( your )」 head )」 hurts? ''
---
> When the `` patient '' exceeded the very small knowledge base, 「 ELIZA ( ELIZA )」might provide a generic response, for example, responding to `` 「 the `` patient '' ( My )」head hurts '' with `` Why do you say 「 My head ( 「 you ( your )」head )」hurts? ''
15c15
< Examples are MARGIE (Schank, 1975), SAM (Cullingford, 1978), PAM (Wilensky, 「 1978 ( 1978 )」), TaleSpin (Meehan, 1976), QUALM (Lehnert, 1977), Politics (Carbonell, 1979), and Plot Units (「 Lehnert ( Lehnert 1981 )」).
---
> Examples are MARGIE (Schank, 1975), SAM (Cullingford, 1978), PAM (Wilensky, 「 1978 ( 1978 )」-RRB-, TaleSpin (Meehan, 1976), QUALM (Lehnert, 1977), Politics (Carbonell, 1979), and Plot Units (「 Lehnert ( Lehnert 1981 )」-RRB-.
17c17
< Up to 「 the late 1980s ( the 1980s )」, most 「 NLP ( NLP )」 systems were based on complex sets of hand-written rules.
---
> Up to 「 the late 1980s ( the 1980s )」, most 「 NLP ( NLP )」systems were based on complex sets of hand-written rules.
25c25
< 「 many speech recognition systems ( These systems )」 were able to take 「 the advantage ( advantage of existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government )」.
---
> 「 many speech recognition systems ( These systems )」were able to take 「 the advantage ( advantage of existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government )」.
33c33
< The paradigm of 「 machine learning ( machine learning )」 is different from that of most prior attempts at 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( language processing )」.
---
> The paradigm of 「 machine learning ( machine learning )」is different from that of most prior attempts at 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( language processing )」.
36,44c36,44
< A corpus (plural, 「 existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government ( `` corpora '' )」) is 「 A corpus (plural, `` corpora '') ( a set of documents (or sometimes, individual sentences) that have been hand-annotated with the correct values to be learned )」.
< Many different classes of 「 machine learning Modern NLP algorithms ( machine learning algorithms )」 have been applied to NLP tasks.
< 「 machine learning Modern NLP algorithms ( These algorithms )」 take as input a large set of `` features '' that are generated from 「 the input data ( the input data )」.
< Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as 「 decision trees ( decision trees )」, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to the systems of 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 that were then common.
< Increasingly, however, research has focused on 「 statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data ( 「 statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data ( statistical models )」, which make 「 soft, probabilistic decisions ( soft, probabilistic decisions )」 based on attaching 「 real-valued weights ( real-valued weights )」 to each input feature )」.
< Such models have the advantage that 「 Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as decision trees ( they )」 can express the relative certainty of many different possible answers rather than only one, producing more reliable results when such a model is included as a component of a larger system.
< Systems based on machine-learning algorithms have many advantages over hand-produced rules: The learning procedures used during 「 machine learning ( machine learning )」 automatically focus on the most common cases, whereas when writing 「 hard if-then rules similar to existing hand-written rules ( rules )」 by hand it is often not obvious at all where the effort should be directed.
< Automatic learning 「 The learning procedures used during machine learning ( procedures )」 can make use of statistical inference algorithms to produce models that are robust to unfamiliar input (e.g. containing words or structures that have not been seen before) and to erroneous input (e.g. with misspelled words or words accidentally omitted).
< Generally, handling such input gracefully with 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 -- or more generally, creating systems of 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 that make soft decisions -- extremely difficult, error-prone and time-consuming.
---
> A corpus (plural, 「 existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government ( `` corpora '' )」-RRB- is 「 A corpus (plural, `` corpora '') ( a set of documents (or sometimes, individual sentences) that have been hand-annotated with the correct values to be learned )」.
> Many different classes of 「 machine learning Modern NLP algorithms ( machine learning algorithms )」have been applied to NLP tasks.
> 「 machine learning Modern NLP algorithms ( These algorithms )」take as input a large set of `` features '' that are generated from 「 the input data ( the input data )」.
> Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as 「 decision trees ( decision trees )」, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to the systems of 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」that were then common.
> Increasingly, however, research has focused on 「 statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data ( 「 statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data ( statistical models )」, which make 「 soft, probabilistic decisions ( soft, probabilistic decisions )」based on attaching 「 real-valued weights ( real-valued weights )」to each input feature )」.
> Such models have the advantage that 「 Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as decision trees ( they )」can express the relative certainty of many different possible answers rather than only one, producing more reliable results when such a model is included as a component of a larger system.
> Systems based on machine-learning algorithms have many advantages over hand-produced rules: The learning procedures used during 「 machine learning ( machine learning )」automatically focus on the most common cases, whereas when writing 「 hard if-then rules similar to existing hand-written rules ( rules )」by hand it is often not obvious at all where the effort should be directed.
> Automatic learning 「 The learning procedures used during machine learning ( procedures )」can make use of statistical inference algorithms to produce models that are robust to unfamiliar input (e.g. containing words or structures that have not been seen before) and to erroneous input (e.g. with misspelled words or words accidentally omitted).
> Generally, handling such input gracefully with 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」-- or more generally, creating systems of 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」that make soft decisions -- extremely difficult, error-prone and time-consuming.
46c46
< However, 「 the systems ( systems based on 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 )」 can only be made more accurate by increasing the complexity of 「 the rules ( 「 the rules ( the rules )」, which is a much more difficult task )」.
---
> However, 「 the systems ( systems based on 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」)」can only be made more accurate by increasing the complexity of 「 the rules ( 「 the rules ( the rules )」, which is a much more difficult task )」.
48,49c48,49
< However, creating more data to input to 「 Systems based on machine-learning algorithms ( machine-learning systems )」 simply requires a corresponding increase in the number of man-hours worked, generally without significant increases in the complexity of the annotation process.
< The subfield of NLP devoted to learning approaches is known as Natural Language Learning (NLL) and 「 Natural Language Learning (NLL) ( its )」 conference CoNLL and peak body SIGNLL are sponsored by ACL, recognizing also their links with Computational Linguistics and Language Acquisition.
---
> However, creating more data to input to 「 Systems based on machine-learning algorithms ( machine-learning systems )」simply requires a corresponding increase in the number of man-hours worked, generally without significant increases in the complexity of the annotation process.
> The subfield of NLP devoted to learning approaches is known as Natural Language Learning (NLL) and its conference CoNLL and peak body SIGNLL are sponsored by ACL, recognizing also their links with Computational Linguistics and Language Acquisition.
