../rokumura/nlp56.txt : ../rtakada/nlp56.txt
3c3
< Many challenges in NLP involve natural language understanding, that is, enabling 「 computers ( computers )」 to derive meaning from human or natural language input, and others involve natural language generation.
---
> Many challenges in NLP involve natural language understanding, that is, enabling 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( computers )」 to derive meaning from human or natural language input, and others involve natural language generation.
5c5
< In 1950, Alan Turing published an article titled `` Computing Machinery and Intelligence '' which proposed what is now called the 「 Alan Turing ( Turing )」 test as a criterion of intelligence.
---
> In 1950, Alan Turing published an article titled `` Computing Machinery and Intelligence '' which proposed what is now called the 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( Turing )」 test as a criterion of intelligence.
7c7
< The authors claimed that within three or five years, 「 a solved problem ( machine translation )」 would be a solved problem.
---
> The authors claimed that within three or five years, 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine translation )」 would be a solved problem.
9,10c9,10
< Little further research in 「 a solved problem ( machine translation )」 was conducted until the late 1980s, when the first statistical machine translation systems were developed.
< Some notably successful NLP systems developed in the 1960s were SHRDLU, 「 SHRDLU ( a natural language system working in restricted `` blocks worlds '' with restricted vocabularies )」, and ELIZA, a simulation of a Rogerian psychotherapist, written by Joseph Weizenbaum between 1964 to 1966.
---
> Little further research in 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine translation )」 was conducted until the late 1980s, when the first statistical machine translation systems were developed.
> Some notably successful NLP systems developed in the 1960s were SHRDLU, 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( a natural language system working in restricted `` blocks worlds '' with restricted vocabularies )」, and ELIZA, a simulation of a Rogerian psychotherapist, written by Joseph Weizenbaum between 1964 to 1966.
12c12
< When the `` patient '' exceeded the very small knowledge base, 「 ELIZA ( ELIZA )」 might provide a generic response, for example, responding to `` 「 the `` patient '' ( My )」 head hurts '' with `` Why do you say 「 you ( 「 My head ( your )」 head )」 hurts? ''
---
> When the `` patient '' exceeded the very small knowledge base, 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( ELIZA )」 might provide a generic response, for example, responding to `` 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( My )」 head hurts '' with `` Why do you say 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( your )」 head )」 hurts? ''
15c15
< Examples are MARGIE (Schank, 1975), SAM (Cullingford, 1978), PAM (Wilensky, 「 1978 ( 1978 )」), TaleSpin (Meehan, 1976), QUALM (Lehnert, 1977), Politics (Carbonell, 1979), and Plot Units (「 Lehnert ( Lehnert 1981 )」).
---
> Examples are MARGIE (Schank, 1975), SAM (Cullingford, 1978), PAM (Wilensky, 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( 1978 )」), TaleSpin (Meehan, 1976), QUALM (Lehnert, 1977), Politics (Carbonell, 1979), and Plot Units (「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( Lehnert 1981 )」).
17,18c17,18
< Up to 「 the late 1980s ( the 1980s )」, most 「 NLP ( NLP )」 systems were based on complex sets of hand-written rules.
< Starting in 「 the late 1980s ( the late 1980s )」, however, there was a revolution in NLP with the introduction of machine learning algorithms for 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( language processing )」.
---
> Up to 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( the 1980s )」, most 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( NLP )」 systems were based on complex sets of hand-written rules.
> Starting in 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( the late 1980s )」, however, there was a revolution in NLP with the introduction of machine learning algorithms for 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( language processing )」.
20,26c20,26
< Some of the earliest-used machine learning 「 machine learning algorithms for language processing ( algorithms )」, such as decision trees, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to existing hand-written rules.
< However, Part of speech tagging introduced the use of Hidden Markov Models to 「 NLP ( NLP )」, and increasingly, research has focused on 「 statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data ( statistical models )」, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data.
< The cache language models upon which many speech recognition systems now rely are 「 The cache language models upon which many speech recognition systems now rely ( examples of such statistical models )」.
< Such models are generally more robust when given unfamiliar input, especially 「 as input ( input that contains errors (as is very common for real-world data) )」, and produce more reliable results when integrated into a larger system comprising multiple subtasks.
< Many of the notable early successes occurred in the field of 「 a solved problem ( 「 a solved problem ( machine translation )」, due especially to work at IBM Research, where successively more complicated statistical models were developed )」.
< 「 many speech recognition systems ( These systems )」 were able to take 「 the advantage ( advantage of existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government )」.
< However, most other systems depended on corpora specifically developed for the tasks implemented by 「 many speech recognition systems ( these systems )」, which was (and often continues to be) a major limitation in the success of 「 many speech recognition systems ( these systems )」.
---
> Some of the earliest-used machine learning 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( algorithms )」, such as decision trees, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to existing hand-written rules.
> However, Part of speech tagging introduced the use of Hidden Markov Models to 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( NLP )」, and increasingly, research has focused on 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( statistical models )」, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data.
> The cache language models upon which many speech recognition systems now rely are 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( examples of such statistical models )」.
> Such models are generally more robust when given unfamiliar input, especially 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( input that contains errors (as is very common for real-world data) )」, and produce more reliable results when integrated into a larger system comprising multiple subtasks.
> Many of the notable early successes occurred in the field of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine translation )」, due especially to work at IBM Research, where successively more complicated statistical models were developed )」.
> 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( These systems )」 were able to take 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( advantage of existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government )」.
> However, most other systems depended on corpora specifically developed for the tasks implemented by 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( these systems )」, which was (and often continues to be) a major limitation in the success of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( these systems )」.
29c29
< Such algorithms are able to learn from 「 data ( data that has not been hand-annotated with the desired answers )」, or using a combination of annotated and non-annotated data.
---
> Such algorithms are able to learn from 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( data that has not been hand-annotated with the desired answers )」, or using a combination of annotated and non-annotated data.
32,34c32,34
< NLP using machine learning Modern NLP algorithms are based on 「 machine learning ( machine learning, especially statistical machine learning )」.
< The paradigm of 「 machine learning ( machine learning )」 is different from that of most prior attempts at 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( language processing )」.
< Prior implementations of language-processing tasks typically involved the direct hand coding of large sets of 「 hard if-then rules similar to existing hand-written rules ( rules )」.
---
> NLP using machine learning Modern NLP algorithms are based on 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine learning, especially statistical machine learning )」.
> The paradigm of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine learning )」 is different from that of most prior attempts at 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( language processing )」.
> Prior implementations of language-processing tasks typically involved the direct hand coding of large sets of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( rules )」.
36,44c36,44
< A corpus (plural, 「 existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government ( `` corpora '' )」) is 「 A corpus (plural, `` corpora '') ( a set of documents (or sometimes, individual sentences) that have been hand-annotated with the correct values to be learned )」.
< Many different classes of 「 machine learning Modern NLP algorithms ( machine learning algorithms )」 have been applied to NLP tasks.
< 「 machine learning Modern NLP algorithms ( These algorithms )」 take as input a large set of `` features '' that are generated from 「 the input data ( the input data )」.
< Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as 「 decision trees ( decision trees )」, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to the systems of 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 that were then common.
< Increasingly, however, research has focused on 「 statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data ( 「 statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data ( statistical models )」, which make 「 soft, probabilistic decisions ( soft, probabilistic decisions )」 based on attaching 「 real-valued weights ( real-valued weights )」 to each input feature )」.
< Such models have the advantage that 「 Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as decision trees ( they )」 can express the relative certainty of many different possible answers rather than only one, producing more reliable results when such a model is included as a component of a larger system.
< Systems based on machine-learning algorithms have many advantages over hand-produced rules: The learning procedures used during 「 machine learning ( machine learning )」 automatically focus on the most common cases, whereas when writing 「 hard if-then rules similar to existing hand-written rules ( rules )」 by hand it is often not obvious at all where the effort should be directed.
< Automatic learning 「 The learning procedures used during machine learning ( procedures )」 can make use of statistical inference algorithms to produce models that are robust to unfamiliar input (e.g. containing words or structures that have not been seen before) and to erroneous input (e.g. with misspelled words or words accidentally omitted).
< Generally, handling such input gracefully with 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 -- or more generally, creating systems of 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 that make soft decisions -- extremely difficult, error-prone and time-consuming.
---
> A corpus (plural, 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( `` corpora '' )」) is 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( a set of documents (or sometimes, individual sentences) that have been hand-annotated with the correct values to be learned )」.
> Many different classes of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine learning algorithms )」 have been applied to NLP tasks.
> 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( These algorithms )」 take as input a large set of `` features '' that are generated from 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( the input data )」.
> Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( decision trees )」, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to the systems of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( hand-written rules )」 that were then common.
> Increasingly, however, research has focused on 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( statistical models )」, which make 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( soft, probabilistic decisions )」 based on attaching 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( real-valued weights )」 to each input feature )」.
> Such models have the advantage that 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( they )」 can express the relative certainty of many different possible answers rather than only one, producing more reliable results when such a model is included as a component of a larger system.
> Systems based on machine-learning algorithms have many advantages over hand-produced rules: The learning procedures used during 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine learning )」 automatically focus on the most common cases, whereas when writing 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( rules )」 by hand it is often not obvious at all where the effort should be directed.
> Automatic learning 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( procedures )」 can make use of statistical inference algorithms to produce models that are robust to unfamiliar input (e.g. containing words or structures that have not been seen before) and to erroneous input (e.g. with misspelled words or words accidentally omitted).
> Generally, handling such input gracefully with 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( hand-written rules )」 -- or more generally, creating systems of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( hand-written rules )」 that make soft decisions -- extremely difficult, error-prone and time-consuming.
46c46
< However, 「 the systems ( systems based on 「 hand-written rules ( hand-written rules )」 )」 can only be made more accurate by increasing the complexity of 「 the rules ( 「 the rules ( the rules )」, which is a much more difficult task )」.
---
> However, 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( systems based on 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( hand-written rules )」 )」 can only be made more accurate by increasing the complexity of 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( the rules )」, which is a much more difficult task )」.
48,49c48,49
< However, creating more data to input to 「 Systems based on machine-learning algorithms ( machine-learning systems )」 simply requires a corresponding increase in the number of man-hours worked, generally without significant increases in the complexity of the annotation process.
< The subfield of NLP devoted to learning approaches is known as Natural Language Learning (NLL) and 「 Natural Language Learning (NLL) ( its )」 conference CoNLL and peak body SIGNLL are sponsored by ACL, recognizing also their links with Computational Linguistics and Language Acquisition.
---
> However, creating more data to input to 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( machine-learning systems )」 simply requires a corresponding increase in the number of man-hours worked, generally without significant increases in the complexity of the annotation process.
> The subfield of NLP devoted to learning approaches is known as Natural Language Learning (NLL) and 「 the free encyclopedia Natural language processing (NLP) ( its )」 conference CoNLL and peak body SIGNLL are sponsored by ACL, recognizing also their links with Computational Linguistics and Language Acquisition.
